Change graphql-core version range (#1162)
strawberry-graphql/strawberry: RELEASE.md

Release type: patch

> Pin graphql-core to only accept patch versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This releases pins graphql-core to only accept patch versions in order to prevent breaking changes since graphql-core doesn't properly follow semantic versioning.
```
